# Relationship between Money & Climate Change
Python Project for University of Toronto St George Campus CSC110 Foundations of Computer Science I (by Jia Hao Choo &amp; Komal Saini)

Project Description & Research Focus:

*In relation to the income classifications, what is the relationship between the revenue generated by different sectors in countries worldwide and their contributions to greenhouse gas emissions?.*

When trying to better understand climate change as a whole, one fundamental question to ask is whether or not money is a major contributing force to enhanced global warming. We are interested to explore whether the processes that release emissions and contribute to climate change are the very processes that drive economic growth and prosperity. As a result, we are interested in understanding whether the specific industries producing the most emissions are also generating the most revenue. The specific sectors that we have included in this project are industry, manufacturing, and agriculture. We have chosen these three sectors because they are the sectors that form the basis of human civilization in the sense that every country leverages these sectors to develop and grow. These three sectors also have the longest history in modern human civilization, as opposed to the technology sector which only began to grow in recent years. In studying these sectors, we can gain a more thorough understanding through using a greater timeline to analyze how emissions from these sectors correlate to the revenue that they generate.

From a social science standpoint, we hope to better understand what motivates our actions as human beings—are we willing to sacrifice our planet's health, and ultimately, the health of future generations, for financial gain? Are growth targets for emissions preventing economic development in low-income countries more than they for countries in other income groups? There are a multitude of questions that our research may reveal answers to. In doing so, we hope to highlight areas where there is potential for change and advancement; perhaps, there are industries that are not generating substantial revenue while also exacerbating climate change. 

For more details on our project and the findings, feel free to read through this report https://www.overleaf.com/read/czwjrvspvbjq. Our methods and computational overview are also detailed in the report. To understand how to get started with experimenting with the codes and view the result yourself, read through the "Instructions for running the program" section in the report.

Copyright 2020 Komal Saini & Jia Hao Choo
